Workers KV 1000 namespace limit announcement (#19409)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/changelogs-next/2025-01-27-kv-increased-namespaces-limits.mdx

---
title: Workers KV namespace limits increased to 1000
description: You can now have up to 1000 Workers KV namespaces per account.
products:
  - kv

> date: 2025-01-24T14:00:00Z

Author: ```suggestion
date: 2025-01-27T14:00:00Z
```

> date: 2025-01-27T14:00:00Z

Author: ```suggestion
date: 2025-01-28T14:00:00Z
```

---

You can now have up to 1000 Workers KV namespaces per account.

> Higher limits for Workers KV namespaces enable better organization of key-value data, such as by category, tenant, or environment.

Author: ```suggestion
Workers KV namespace limits were increased from 200 to 1000. Higher limits for Workers KV namespaces enable better organization of key-value data, such as by category, tenant, or environment.
```

---
title: Workers KV namespace limits increased to 1000
description: You can now have up to 1000 Workers KV namespaces per account.
products:
  - kv

> date: 2025-01-27T14:00:00Z

Author: ```suggestion
date: 2025-01-24T14:00:00Z
```

---

You can now have up to 1000 Workers KV namespaces per account.

> Higher limits for Workers KV namespaces allows you to better organize your key-value data. This can be helpful if trying to organize
> data by data categories, per tenant or per environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Higher limits for Workers KV namespaces enable better organization of key-value data, such as by category, tenant, or environment.
```
